Alfie carious tracked the site to the
north central college indoor track &
field quadrangular meet defending men's
national champions and head coach frank
grammar oh so looking to maintain their
number one national ranking in the pole
vault John Wood attempting 17 feet
three-quarter inches he would clear it
and take second it was teammate Josh
winder who would take the top spot
during 17 feet four and a half inches by
the hair of his chin chin chin he gets
some love from his coach and father Tim
winder in the weight throw Robert
kapusta took second with a her love 58
feet one quarter inch but he returns for
the shop boat where he would take the
title with an impressive 52 feet one and
three-quarter inch toss Zack here Spink
won the high jump in the car door opener
meat and he does it again this day
Clarence six feet nine inches Kaylin
patty took second in the long jump with
a 21-foot four and three-quarters inch
lead but freshman teammate Tynan Johnson
flew 21 feet six in one quarter inch
through the air for another first for
the Cardinals petty rebounded in the
triple jump winning with a jump of 42
feet 11 inches Cardinals were flying on
the track as well as petty joint
Nicholas Gilani's Michael Valera and
Nicholas Baumgartner going 1 through 4
in the 60-meter hurdles but Kalani's
taken first we head to the mile race
where yonex Emma Scotty set the pace
early followed by Kevin Buckman of
wisconsin-whitewater and cardinal Ryan
Thompson if they head into the final lap
it's the Scottie hearing the bell and he
knows it's time to turn on the Jets
that's exactly what he does is he opens
a big lead and he goes on to win with a
time of 4 minutes 19 seconds with Ryan
Thompson taking third
back to the Sprint's we head and this
time it's the 200-meter dash with Dan
Benton and Lane five four the Cardinals
looking strong in the first hundred
meters on the back turn Benton would
pull ahead of Dylan crapton of
wisconsin-whitewater and they're neck
and neck down the stretch Benton would
edge him out setting a facility record
in the event with a time of twenty two
point one eight seconds it was more the
same for north central in the 400 meter
dash this time the Cardinals had some
companies in front of the pack the ante
hackler Mustafa Alejo go one and two
respectively as John Howard ran
exhibition hackler cracked 50 seconds
with the time of 49.6 six seconds for
the top spot the Cardinals with an miss
meet style in the 4 x 400 relay by cava
leading off competing in its only event
of the day flies through the opening leg
before handing the baton off to Mustafa
Alejo who extends the lead Beyonce
hackler shows he still had plenty of
energy left as he would take care of the
third leg or handing it off to Dan baton
to anchor Benton already set one record
today and why not add another as the
relay team shatters the facility record
at the time of 3 minutes 16 seconds and
the Cardinals go on to win the meet
easily at home with a total of 243
points what an exciting day you know it
was great to see everybody come together
and I like a smaller meet a 14 meet was
the right size it was a great great
start to really almost the middle of the
season or we just have a lot of death
underclassmen stepping up and filling up
the open spots that the seniors just
graduated and
we still have a lot of guys who are
willing who were just waiting the
shoulder potential and our team is gonna
go pretty far this year it kind of just
click today having our training went
really well this week we've been doing
fairly consistent workouts and we've
been hitting times that we should pretty
pretty pass time to practice and I think
it all just came together this week one
of our coaches he says some great things
to us that kept us like motivated to
keep going keep working harder we're
going to go back to practice and we're
gonna get it back in keep working hard
for the next meet Cardinals are back in
action next friday with multi-event
athletes heading to a meet at illinois
wesleyan university as the rest of the
team goes to Wisconsin Whitewater for
the squid converse Invitational
you